Only use MarshalManagedExceptionMode.UnwindNativeCode when building for Mono on net8.0 and earlier (#3912)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

- .NET on iOS: Add experimental EnableAppHangTrackingV2 configuration flag to the options binding SDK ([#3877](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3877))
- Added `SentryOptions.DisableSentryHttpMessageHandler`. Useful if you're using `OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Http` and ending up with duplicate spans. ([#3879](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3879))

### Fixes

> - Use MarshalManagedExceptionMode.Default on CoreCLR ([#3912](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3912))

Reviewer: is this just elegant in iOS?
if so add "iOS: bla" or macOS:iOS

Author: Elegant? Or did you mean relevant? 

It's relevant whenever the runtime is not mono... CoreCLR is used for AOT compiled applications on iOS so this typically affects release configuration builds of iOS apps (as long as the [interpreter](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/macios/interpreter?view=net-maui-8.0) isn't enabled).

I've updated the changelog to make this clearer.

> - Use MarshalManagedExceptionMode.Default on CoreCLR ([#3912](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3912))

Author: ```suggestion
- MarshalManagedExceptionMode.Default is now used when capturing native exceptions in AOT compiled iOS applications, yielding more useful native stack traces ([#3912](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3912))
```
